Update app store submission topics (#2745)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/prepare/frequently-failed-cases.md

#### 2.6.3 Government Community Cloud listings

To make your app available for Government Community Cloud (GCC) users and to avoid duplicate app listings in the store, the authentication process must identify and route GCC users to the specified or expected content URL.

### 2.7 Health information sources

Apps catering to a patient’s health records, diseases, wellness, nutrition, or pandemic-related information must abide with the user's local health laws. In addition, the information provided by such apps must always be from trusted sources such as the World Health Organization (WHO) or a government website.

### 2.8 Sensitive content

Your app must not post sensitive data, such as credit card or financial payment instrument data. The app also must not display health, contact tracing, or other personally identifiable information (PII) to an audience not intended to view that content.

Warn users before your app downloads any files or executables (.exe) into the user's machine or environment.

## 3.0 General functionality and performance

### 3.1 Launching external functionality

> Apps must not take the user out of Teams for core user scenarios. Task modules, cards or tabs are recommended to display information to the user within Teams. Link targets in apps must not link to an external browser but must link to `div` elements contained within Teams, for example, inside task modules and tabs.

Author: ```suggestion
Apps must not take the user out of Teams for core user scenarios. Task modules, cards or tabs are recommended to display information to the user within Teams. Link targets in apps must not link to an external browser but must link to `div` elements contained within Teams, for example, inside task modules and tabs.

For scenarios that require external functionality, your app must have explicit user permission to launch functionality outside of Teams.
```

### 4.3 App description

The app descriptions in your manifest and store must be the same and follow these guidelines:

* Use "Microsoft Teams" on first reference. Subsequent references can be shortened to ”Teams”.
* Do not abbreviate "Microsoft" (such as "MS" or "MSFT").
* Avoid unnecessary capitalization and language errors.
* Follow the [short description guidelines](~/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/prepare/detail-page-checklist.md#short-description).
* Follow the [long description guidelines](~/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/prepare/detail-page-checklist.md#long-description).
* Clearly describe any limitations, conditions, or exceptions to the functionality, features, and deliverables described in the listing and related materials before the customer acquires your offer. The capabilities you declare must relate to the core functions and description of your offer.

### 4.4 Localization

Your package must include a localization file that includes language translations that display based on the Teams language settings. The file must conform to the [Teams localization schema](~/concepts/build-and-test/apps-localization.md).

## 5.0 Tab design

> To ensure app quality, follow the [tab design guidelines](~/tabs/design/tabs.md).

Author: ```suggestion
To ensure app quality, follow the more comprehensive [tab design guidelines](~/tabs/design/tabs.md).
```

#### 2.6.3 Government Community Cloud listings

To make your app available for Government Community Cloud (GCC) users and to avoid duplicate app listings in the store, the authentication process must identify and route GCC users to the specified or expected content URL.

### 2.7 Health information sources

Apps catering to a patient’s health records, diseases, wellness, nutrition, or pandemic-related information must abide with the user's local health laws. In addition, the information provided by such apps must always be from trusted sources such as the World Health Organization (WHO) or a government website.

### 2.8 Sensitive content

Your app must not post sensitive data, such as credit card or financial payment instrument data. The app also must not display health, contact tracing, or other personally identifiable information (PII) to an audience not intended to view that content.

Warn users before your app downloads any files or executables (.exe) into the user's machine or environment.

## 3.0 General functionality and performance

### 3.1 Launching external functionality

> Apps must not take the user out of Teams for core user scenarios. Task modules, cards or tabs are recommended to display information to the user within Teams. Link targets in apps should not link to an external browser but should link to div elements contained within Teams (for example, inside task modules and tabs).

Author: ```suggestion
Apps must not take the user out of Teams for core user scenarios. Task modules, cards, or tabs are recommended to display information to the user within Teams. Link targets in apps should not link to an external browser but should link to div elements contained within Teams (for example, inside task modules and tabs).
```

---
title: Store (AppSource) validation guidelines
description: Describes the guidelines every app submitted to the Teams store (AppSource) must follow.
author: heath-hamilton
ms.author: surbhigupta
ms.topic: reference
---

> # Microsoft Teams store (AppSource) validation guidelines

Author: Sure, I'll make that change.

Teams apps must focus on the Teams experience and must not include names, icons, or imagery of other similar chat-based collaborative platforms or services unless the apps provide specific interoperability.

## 2.0 Security

### 2.1 Publisher attestation

Microsoft 365 App compliance program that is intended to help organizations assess and manage risk in using apps by collecting security, data handling, and compliance information. App gets Badge in AppSource & provides added confidence in the security and compliance measures of your application.

Teams apps must complete Publisher Attestation in Partner Center. See the Microsoft 365 App Compliance Program documentation to learn how to complete the Publisher Attestation workflow.

### 2.2 Financial information

Your Teams app must not ask users to make a payment directly within Teams interface. No financial instrument details must not be transmitted through the user to bot interface. Links to secure payment services may only be transmitted to users if disclosure has been made in the app’s Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and any profile page or website before the user agrees to use the bot.

### 2.3 Bot Framework

> For apps with bots or messaging extensions, you must follow all requirements (including privacy notice requirements) as defined in the Microsoft Bot Framework Developer Code of Conduct and Online Services Agreement.

Reviewer: We don't have the links to the requested sections.

> For apps with bots or messaging extensions, you must follow all requirements (including privacy notice requirements) as defined in the Microsoft Bot Framework Developer Code of Conduct and Online Services Agreement.

Author: ```suggestion
For apps that use Azure Bot Services (bots and messaging extensions), you must follow all requirements as defined in the Microsoft [Online Services Terms](https://www.microsoftvolumelicensing.com/DocumentSearch.aspx?Mode=3&DocumentTypeId=46).
```
Updated this statement with info and link from relevant team.

### 4.3 App description

The app descriptions in your manifest and store should be same and follow these guidelines:

* Use "Microsoft Teams" on first reference. Subsequent references can be shortened to ”Teams”.
* Do not abbreviate "Microsoft" (such as "MS" or "MSFT").
* Avoid unnecessary capitalization and language errors.
* Follow the [short description guidelines](~/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/prepare/detail-page-checklist.md#short-description).
* Follow the [long description guidelines](~/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/prepare/detail-page-checklist.md#long-description).
* Clearly describe any limitations, conditions, or exceptions to the functionality, features, and deliverables described in the listing and related materials before the customer acquires your offer. The capabilities you declare must relate to the core functions and description of your offer.

### 4.4 Localization

Your package must include a localization file that includes language translations that display based on the Teams language settings. The file must conform to the [Teams localization schema](~/concepts/build-and-test/apps-localization.md).

## 5.0 Tab design

> See comprehensive [tab design guidelines](~/tabs/design/tabs.md).

Author: Will add.

### 5.1 Setup

> Tab set up must not dead-end the new user. A way forward message should be provided to complete the workflow.

Author: Should the second sentence include “must” and not "should" to be consistent with the first sentence?

Reviewer: Yes. Let's change it to must

Authentication should happen during tab setup and not after.

> Tabs must have a Help tab with instructions on how to do things such as sign up, configure, and use your app.

Author: Is “sign up” always applicable?

Reviewer: Let's update - Tabs must have a Help tab with instructions on how to do things such as sign up, configure, and use your app, **if applicable**

### 5.2 Views

* The available tab sign-in screen area use must not use large logos or display an entire webpage.
* The tab view can be simplified by breaking them into multiple tabs to reduce the complexity.
* The personal app should not have a duplicate header. Remove the logo from the iframe since the personal app framework already displays the app icon and app name.

### 5.3 Navigation

* Tabs must not have more than three levels of navigation.

> * The secondary and tertiary pages in a tab must be opened in a level two and level three view in the main tab area that is navigated via breadcrumbs or a left nav. You can also include these components to aid tab navigation:

Author: Is it OK to also mention "left nav" as an option? It's one of our new UI templates: https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/platform/concepts/design/design-teams-app-ui-templates#left-nav

Reviewer: Yes! Please include the same

Author: ```suggestion
* The secondary and tertiary pages in a tab must be opened in a level two and level three view in the main tab area that is navigated via breadcrumbs or left nav. You can also include these components to aid tab navigation:
```

    * Back buttons
    * Page headers
    * Hamburger menus
* Tab should not have horizontal scroll.
* Deep links in tabs must not link to an external webpage but instead link somewhere within Teams (for example, task modules or other tabs).

### 5.4 Usability

> * Users must be able to undo their last action in the app.

Author: Just checking: Does this apply to all apps or just tabs?

Reviewer: Applicable for Tab as it uses entire screen where the condition comes handy

Author: ```suggestion
* Users must be able to undo their last action in the tab.
```

* Personal apps may aggregate content from team or group chat scoped instances of that app in a single view.
* Tabs must be responsive to Teams themes. When the Teams theme is changed, the theme within the app must also change to reflect that theme.

> * Personal apps must use Teams-styled components (adopting Teams fonts, type ramps, color palettes, grid system, motion, tone of voice, etc.) whenever possible.

Author: Since “must” indicates required, it is somewhat unclear in conjunction with “whenever possible”. Can you please clarify if this is must fix?

Reviewer: Remove - whenever possible

> * Please include a Settings tab in the app header.

Author: Is this a requirement? If so, should use “must”.

Reviewer: It's not mandatory, but we can quoting possible use case for personal app

* Tabs can use Teams interaction behaviors (in-page navigation, position and use of dialogs, information hierarchies, etc.) whenever possible.

## 6.0 Bot design

> See comprehensive [bot design guidelines](~/bots/design/bots.md).

Author: ```suggestion
To ensure app quality, follow the comprehensive [bot design guidelines](~/bots/design/bots.md).
```

### 6.1 Bot commands

> * All commands that your bot supports must work correctly, including the "Hi", "Hello", and "Help" command.

Author: I think bulleted lists are OK in sections that have short yet different guidelines. This has been my experience writing policies in the past, at least.

Channel bot welcome messages are optional during first run, especially if bot is available in personal scope performing similar actions. This bot must not send a personal message to all members of the team or channel as that will be considered as spamming. The welcome message should also mention the person who installed/added the bot to the channel.

Notification-only bots must send a welcome message that includes a message conveying, "I am a notification-only bot and will not be able to reply to your chats".

### 6.3 Bot message spamming

Bots must not spam users by sending multiple messages in short succession.

* **Bot channel messages**: Don't spam users by creating separate new chat posts. Create a single thread post with replies in the same thread.
* **Bot personal messages**: Don't send multiple messages. Send one message with complete information. Repeating the same welcome message over regular intervals is not allowed and is considered spamming.

### 6.4 Bot notifications

> Bot notifications must include content relevant for the scope you define for the bot (`team`, `groupchat`, or `personal`).

Author: Is the “must” saying the notification content must be relevant to the context (team, group chat, or. personal)?

Reviewer: Yes

### 6.5 Bots and Adaptive Cards

Adaptive Cards are a common way to display bot messages. Your cards must be lightweight and include only 1-3 actions. If you need to display more content, consider using a task module or tab.

See the following resources for more information:

> * [Designing Adaptive Cards](~/task-modules-and-cards/cards/design-effective-cards.md)

Author: "Adaptive Cards" is a product and must be capitalized.

* [Cards reference](~/task-modules-and-cards/cards/cards-reference.md#types-of-cards)

## 7.0 Messaging extension design

See comprehensive [messaging extension design guidelines](~/messaging-extensions/design/messaging-extension-design.md).

### 7.1 Action commands

Action-based messaging extensions should do the following:

* Allow users to trigger actions on a message without specifying intermediate steps, such as signing in.
* Pass the message context to the next work state.

### 7.2 Preview links (link unfurling)

Messaging extensions should preview recognized links in the Teams compose box. Do not add domains that are outside your control (either absolute URLs or wildcards). For example, `yourapp.onmicrosoft.com` is valid but `*.onmicrosoft.com` is not valid. Top-level domains also are prohibited (for example, `*.com` or `*.org`).

See how to [implement link unfurling](~/messaging-extensions/how-to/link-unfurling.md).

### 7.3 Search commands

> Search-based messaging extensions must provide text that helps users effectively search.

Author: Does this statement cover all types of search-based messaging extensions?

Reviewer: Not clear. Let's discuss

Reviewer: Yes it works for all search-based messaging extensions.

For more information, see the [design best practices for search commands](~/messaging-extensions/design/messaging-extension-design.md#searches).

## 8.0 Task module design

A task module must include an icon and short name of the app in which it is associated.

See comprehensive [task module design guidelines](~/task-modules-and-cards/task-modules/design-teams-task-modules.md).

## 9.0 Meeting extension design

See comprehensive [meeting extension design guidelines](~/apps-in-teams-meetings/design/designing-apps-in-meetings.md).

### 9.1 Pre- and post-meeting experience

* Tabs must adhere to general [tab design guidelines](~/tabs/design/tabs.md).
* Tabs must not have horizontal scrolling.

> * Tabs should have an organized layout when displaying multiple items (for instance, more than 10 polls or surveys). [See an example layout](~/apps-in-teams-meetings/design/designing-apps-in-meetings.md#after-a-meeting).

Author: Made the reference to "polls or survey" as just a couple examples. Does this work?

Reviewer: Yes

* Your app must notify users when the results of a survey or poll are exported by stating, "Results successfully downloaded".

### 9.2 In-meeting experience

* Apps must [only use a dark theme](~/apps-in-teams-meetings/design/designing-apps-in-meetings.md#theming) during meetings.
* A tooltip should display the app name when hovering over the app icon during meetings.
* Messaging extensions must function the same during meetings as they do outside meetings.

### 9.3 In-meeting tabs

* Must be responsive and adapt within the provided space. Make sure to maintain padding and component sizes.
* Must have a back button if there is more than one layer of navigation.
* Must not include more than one dismiss or close button. This may confuse users since there's already a built-in header button in the header to dismiss the tab.
* Must not have horizontal scrolling.

### 9.4 In-meeting dialogs

* Should be used sparingly and for scenarios that are light and task-oriented.
* Must display content in a single column and not have multiple navigation levels.
* Must not use task modules.

> * Should align with the center of the meeting stage.

Author: Just checking: Is this “should” and not “must”?

Reviewer: Must

Author: ```suggestion
* Must align with the center of the meeting stage.
```

* Should be dismissed once a user selects a button or performs an action.

## 10.0 Notification design

Follow these guidelines if your app uses the [activity feed APIs provided by Microsoft Graph](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/teams-send-activityfeednotifications).

### 10.1 General

> * All the notification triggers specified in your app manifest should get a notification in the app.

Author: I am not sure I follow. Are there situations where notifications specified in the manifest would not display in the Teams client?

Reviewer: There can be. We are quoting a test case - everything mentioned in Manifest should be functional & result into right notification

Author: Got it! Thanks for clarifying.

* The notifications must be localized as per the supported languages declared in the app manifest.
* A notification must load within 5 seconds of a user action.

### 10.2 Avatars

> * The notification avatar should match the app icon provided in the manifest.

Author: Is this the color icon, transparent icon, or both?

Reviewer: @ghantasalaphanidhar , Can you check & specify

Reviewer: It should match with color icon present in the manifest.

* Notifications triggered by an app user should contain the avatar of the user who initiated it.

### 10.3 Spamming

> * Apps must not send more than 10 notifications per minute to an individual user.

Author: Is “10 notifications per minute” accurate?

Reviewer: Yes. We agreed that with Notification team

* Bots and the activity feed should not trigger duplicate notifications.
* Notifications must provide some value to users and not be used for trivial or irrelevant events.

### 10.4 Navigation and layout

> * The right pane experience in the feed must be self-contained and not break the feed experience.

Author: What is the "right pane experience in the feed" referring to? The chat pane?

Reviewer: Notification pane

Author: Thanks! I am still a little unclear about what "must be self-contained and not break the feed experience". Can you elaborate, @ramendhe?

* The name must include terms relevant to your users.
* It must not copy the name of an existing app in the store or other offer in the commercial marketplace.
* Common nouns must be prefixed or suffixed with the publisher’s name (for example, “XYZ Tasks” rather than “Tasks”)
* It must not use **Teams** or other Microsoft product names that could falsely indicate co-branding or co-selling. (For more information about referencing Microsoft software, products, and services, see the [Microsoft Trademark and Brand Guidelines](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general)).
* If your app is part of an official partnership with Microsoft, the name of your app must come first (for example, Salesforce Connector for Microsoft Teams).

### 1.2 Suitable for workplace consumption

Your app can facilitate group collaboration, improve an individual's productivity, or both. This includes apps intended for team bonding and socializing. Such apps should not require intense time investment or perceptively impact productivity. These apps must be collaborative and designed for multiple participants. 

> All content should be suitable for general workplace consumption and must abide by all restrictions listed in the [commercial marketplace certification policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/legal/marketplace/certification-policies#10010-inappropriate-content). Content related to religion, politics, gambling, and prolonged entertainment is prohibited.

Reviewer: Rearranging the content - 
All content should be suitable for general workplace consumption and must abide by all restrictions listed in the commercial marketplace certification policies. Content related to religion, politics, gambling, and prolonged entertainment is prohibited.

Your app must facilitate group collaboration or improve an individual's productivity, or both. Apps intended for team bonding and socializing should not require intense time investment or perceptively impact productivity. These apps must be collaborative and designed for multiple participants.

The Microsoft 365 App Compliance Program is intended to help organizations assess and manage risk by evaluating security and compliance information about your app.

Teams app developers must complete the Publisher Attestation portion of the program. For more information, see the [Microsoft 365 App Compliance Program documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365-app-certification/docs/attestation).

### 2.2 Financial information

Your app must not ask users to make payments within the Teams interface. Financial instrument details must not be transmitted through the user to the bot interface. Links to secure payment services may only be transmitted to users if disclosure has been made in the app’s terms of use, privacy policy, or any profile page or website before the user agrees to use the bot.

### 2.3 Bot Framework

For apps with bots or messaging extensions, you must follow all requirements (including privacy notice requirements) as defined in the Microsoft Bot Framework Developer Code of Conduct and Online Services Agreement.

Bots must always ask permission to upload a file and display a confirmation message after the file is uploaded.

### 2.4 External domains

> Tunneling services and domains outside of an organization’s control, including wildcards, must not be included in the valid domains of the app manifest.

Reviewer: Update - Domains outside of your organization's control (including wildcards) and tunneling services cannot be included in the valid domains of your manifest, except in the following conditions:

If you are using OAuthCard, Token.botframework.com must be in the valid domains list.
Teams apps that require their own SharePoint URLs to function may include {teamsitedomain} in their valid domain list.

### 2.8 Sensitive content

Your app must not post sensitive data, such as credit card or financial payment instrument data. The app also must not display health, contact tracing, or other personally identifiable information (PII) to an audience not intended to view that content.

Warn users before your app downloads any files or executables (.exe) into the user's machine or environment.

## 3.0 General functionality and performance

### 3.1 Launching external functionality

Apps must not take the user out of Teams for core user scenarios. Task modules, cards or tabs are recommended to display information to the user within Teams. Link targets in apps must not link to an external browser but must link to `div` elements contained within Teams, for example, inside task modules and tabs.

For scenarios that require external functionality, your app must have explicit user permission to launch functionality outside of Teams.

### 3.2 Compatibility

Apps must be fully functional on the following operating systems and browsers:

* Microsoft Windows 7 and later
* macOS 10.10 and later
* Microsoft Edge 12 and later
* Internet Explorer 11 and later
* Mozilla Firefox 47.0 and later

> * Google Chrome 51.0 and later

Reviewer: Update to :

- Microsoft Windows 7 and later
- macOS 10.10 and later
- Microsoft Edge 12 and later
- Mozilla Firefox 47.0 and later
- Google Chrome 51.0 and later
- iOS 9.0 and later
- Android 4.4 and later

Teams apps must respond within a reasonable timeframe, which varies depending on the capability.

* Tabs must respond within three seconds or display a loading message or warning.
* Bots must respond to user commands within two seconds or display a typing indicator.
* Messaging extensions must respond to user commands within five seconds.
* Notification must load within five seconds of the user action.

### 3.4 Platform interoperability

* Apps must be fully responsive to a variety of screen sizes.
* App must not include any direct references to in-app purchases, trial offers, offers for paid versions, or links to any online stores where users can purchase or acquire other content, apps, or add-ins from your Teams app on mobile OS (Android, iOS).
* The iOS or Android version of the app must not show any UI or language or link to any other apps, add-ins, or websites that ask the user to pay.
* The associated privacy policy and terms of use pages must also be free of any commerce UI or store links.
* If your app contains tabs, they must follow the mobile design guidelines.
* App should function on the following platforms:
    * iOS 9.0 and later
    * Android 4.4 and later

>     * Windows Phone 10.0.10586 and later

Reviewer: Remove entire section

## 4.0 App package and store listing

App packages must be correctly formatted and include all required information and components.

### 4.1 App manifest

* The app manifest must conform to the [latest manifest schema](~/resources/schema/manifest-schema.md).
* If your app includes a bot or messaging extension, the manifest must be consistent with Bot Framework metadata, including bot name, logo, privacy policy link, and terms of service link.
* If your app uses Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) for authentication, include the Azure AD ID in the manifest. For more information, see [manifest schema](~/resources/schema/manifest-schema.md#webapplicationinfo).

### 4.2 App icons

* Your app package must include two PNG versions of your app icon: a color icon and an outline icon.

> * Correctly sized and formatted icons must be specified in your app package. The icons must match what's submitted with the store listing metadata. For more information, see the Teams app [icon guidelines](~/concepts/build-and-test/apps-package.md#app-icons).

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton update 4.2 App icons & 4.3 Screen shots based on email sent.

### 4.3 App description

The app descriptions in your manifest and store must be the same and follow these guidelines:

* Use "Microsoft Teams" on first reference. Subsequent references can be shortened to ”Teams”.
* Do not abbreviate "Microsoft" (such as "MS" or "MSFT").
* Avoid unnecessary capitalization and language errors.
* Follow the [short description guidelines](~/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/prepare/detail-page-checklist.md#short-description).
* Follow the [long description guidelines](~/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/prepare/detail-page-checklist.md#long-description).
* Clearly describe any limitations, conditions, or exceptions to the functionality, features, and deliverables described in the listing and related materials before the customer acquires your offer. The capabilities you declare must relate to the core functions and description of your offer.

> 

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton please replace this content with the content shared in a mail.

> 

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton Add -
4.5 Privacy policy
• The privacy policy can be specific to your app and/or an overall policy for all of your services.
• If you use a generic privacy policy, it must reference "services", "applications", and "platforms" to include your

4.6 Teams app as well as your website.
• It must include how you handle user data storage, user data retention, deletion, and security controls.
• It must include your contact information.
• It should not contain broken links, beta URLs, or staging URLs.

4.7 Terms of use
Your terms of use statement should be specific and applicable to your app and/or add-in offering.
Support URLs
Your support URLs should not require authentication or login credential to contact you for any issues with your app.

> ### 4.4 Localization

Reviewer: Add - 
4.5 Privacy policy
•	The privacy policy can be specific to your app and/or an overall policy for all of your services.
•	If you use a generic privacy policy, it must reference "services", "applications", and "platforms" to include your 

4.6 Teams app as well as your website.
•	It must include how you handle user data storage, user data retention, deletion, and security controls.
•	It must include your contact information.
•	It should not contain broken links, beta URLs, or staging URLs.

4.7 Terms of use
Your terms of use statement should be specific and applicable to your app and/or add-in offering.
Support URLs
Your support URLs should not require authentication or login credential to contact you for any issues with your app.

> ### 4.4 Localization

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton - Update numbering : 4.8 Localization

Your package must include a localization file that includes language translations that display based on the Teams language settings. The file must conform to the [Teams localization schema](~/concepts/build-and-test/apps-localization.md).

## 5.0 Tabs

If your app includes a tab, following these guidelines can increase the likelihood your app will pass submission.

For information on creating a high-quality experience, see the [tab design guidelines](~/tabs/design/tabs.md).

### 5.1 Setup

> * Tab setup must not dead-end the new user. A way forward message should be provided to complete the workflow.

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78354231/109538927-a5f07c80-7ae6-11eb-948a-c2adcee2201a.png)

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton

* Authentication should happen during tab setup and not after.
* Tabs must have a help tab with instructions on how to use and configure your app.

### 5.2 Views

* The sign-in screen area use must not use large logos or display an entire webpage.
* The canvas can be simplified by breaking them into multiple tabs to reduce the complexity.
* Personal app tabs should not have a duplicate header. Remove the logo from the iframe since the personal app framework already displays the app icon and app name.

> 

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, Tab should not have left stack column that conflicts with Teams side bar
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78354231/109539348-36c75800-7ae7-11eb-97f6-be278bc836cb.png)

### 5.4 Usability

* Users must be able to undo their last action in the tab.
* Personal app tabs may aggregate content from team or group chat scoped instances of that app in a single view.
* Tabs must be responsive to Teams themes. When the Teams theme is changed, the theme within the app must also change to reflect that theme.
* Personal app tabs must use Teams-styled components (adopting Teams fonts, type ramps, color palettes, grid system, motion, tone of voice, etc.) whenever possible.
* Include a Settings tab.
* Tabs must use Teams interaction behaviors (in-page navigation, position and use of dialogs, information hierarchies, etc.) whenever possible.

## 6.0 Bots

If your app includes a bot, following these guidelines can increase the likelihood your app will pass submission.

For information on creating a high-quality experience, see the [bot design guidelines](~/bots/design/bots.md).

### 6.1 Bot commands

* All commands that your bot supports must work correctly, including the "Hi", "Hello", and "Help" command.
* Supported bot commands must be listed in the app manifest.

> * Use command lists. Analyzing user input or predicting user intent is hard. Instead of letting users guess what your bot can do, provide a list of commands your bot understands.

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78354231/109538825-89544480-7ae6-11eb-8cfa-8d74551ce145.png)

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton

### 6.2 Bot welcome messages

* Bots should almost always send first-run welcome messages. For the best experience, the message should include the value proposition of your bot, how to configure the bot, and briefly describe all supported bot commands. You can display the messaging using an Adaptive Card with buttons for better usability. For more information, see [how to trigger a bot welcome message](~/bots/how-to/conversations/send-proactive-messages.md).
* Channel bot welcome messages are optional during first run, especially if bot is available in personal scope performing similar actions. This bot must not send a personal message to all members of the team or channel as that will be considered as spamming. The welcome message should also mention the person who installed/added the bot to the channel.

> * Notification-only bots must send a welcome message that includes a message conveying, "I am a notification-only bot and will not be able to reply to your chats".

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/78354231/109539703-a1789380-7ae7-11eb-8fe4-d5f2cb8fb95f.png)

## 10.0 Notifications

If your app uses the [activity feed APIs provided by Microsoft Graph](https://docs.microsoft.com/graph/teams-send-activityfeednotifications), following these guidelines can increase the likelihood your app will pass submission.

### 10.1 General

* All the notification triggers specified in your app manifest should get a notification in the app.
* The notifications must be localized as per the supported languages declared in the app manifest.
* A notification must load within 5 seconds of a user action.

### 10.2 Avatars

* The notification avatar should match the app icon provided in the manifest.
* Notifications triggered by an app user should contain the avatar of the user who initiated it.

### 10.3 Spamming

* Apps must not send more than 10 notifications per minute to an individual user.
* Bots and the activity feed should not trigger duplicate notifications.
* Notifications must provide some value to users and not be used for trivial or irrelevant events.

### 10.4 Navigation and layout

* The right pane experience in the feed must be self-contained and not break the feed experience.

> * On click, user must be directed to the relevant content within the Teams app and should not be taken out of Teams experience.

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, Include  section - 
11. Advertising
Teams apps may not include any advertising. This includes dynamic ads that may not appear in every session, banner ads in tabs, and any ads in Adaptive Cards.

Author: Changed to "_must_ not" for consistency.

---
title: Microsoft Teams store validation guidelines
description: Describes the guidelines every app submitted to the Teams store (AppSource) must follow.
author: heath-hamilton
ms.author: surbhigupta
ms.topic: reference
---
# Microsoft Teams store validation guidelines

Reviewing these guidelines can help you avoid issues that frequently cause apps to fail Microsoft Teams store and AppSource submission. These guidelines complement the Microsoft [commercial marketplace certification policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/legal/marketplace/certification-policies) and will be updated frequently to reflect new Teams capabilities, user feedback, and changes to business rules.

> [!TIP]
> Some guidelines may not be applicable to your app. For example, if your app doesn't include a bot, you can ignore bot-related guidelines.

## 1.0 Value proposition

### 1.1 App name

An app's name plays a critical role in how users discover it in the store. Remember the following about app names:

* The name must include terms relevant to your users.
* It must not copy the name of an existing app in the store or other offer in the commercial marketplace.

> * Common nouns must be prefixed or suffixed with the publisher’s name (for example, “XYZ Tasks” rather than “Tasks”)

Reviewer: •	Apps should not use Teams default module names with in their app names like "Chat" , "Contacts", "Calendar", "Calls", "Files", "Activity", "Teams", Apps", "Help".
•	Apps should not use the Teams feature specific keywords like - Start Meeting, Make call, Upload file, Start chat, etc - these keywords will be reserved for Teams and Microsoft products first. For every other 3P app, we will mandate that they include their app name before the CTA: Eg: Start a Zoom Meeting, Upload file to Dropbox, Start Freshdesk chat etc.

Author: @ramendhe For the second bullet, I am adding this in a new section (1.4) since this is not just related to the app name. Let me know if you think another approach is better.

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, Please reword 1.4 as this applies to Teams specific features key works only. Not all features require app name to be included - 

Apps should not use the Teams feature specific keywords like - Start Meeting, Make call, Upload file, Start chat, etc - these keywords are reserved for Teams and Microsoft products first. For 3P app, we expect feature to include app name before the CTA: Eg: Start a Contoso Meeting, Upload file to Dropbox, Start Contoso chat etc.

* If your app is part of an official partnership with Microsoft, the name of your app must come first (for example, Salesforce Connector for Microsoft Teams).

### 1.2 Suitable for workplace consumption

App content must be suitable for general workplace consumption and abide by all restrictions listed in the [commercial marketplace certification policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/legal/marketplace/certification-policies#10010-inappropriate-content). Content related to religion, politics, gambling, and prolonged entertainment is prohibited.

Your app must facilitate group collaboration, improve an individual's productivity, or both. Apps intended for team bonding and socializing must be collaborative and designed for multiple participants. These types of apps also should not require a substantial time investment or perceptively impact productivity.

### 1.3 Similar platforms and services

Apps must focus on the Teams experience and not include the names, icons, or imagery of other similar chat-based collaboration platforms or services unless the apps provide specific interoperability.

## 2.0 Security

> 

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, add 2.1 as 

**Publisher Verification & App permissions:**
•	Publisher verification helps admins and end users understand the authenticity of application. Teams app must complete publisher verification for application. A blue "verified" badge appears on the Azure AD consent prompt and other screens. Please refer Mark an app as publisher verified  along with Troubleshoot publisher verification,  FAQ.
•	Apps that request permissions during the Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) consent process must provide business justification for these requests.

Author: @ramendhe I added this content but changed the structure slightly to keep things self contained. Let me know what you think.

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, change in structure looks good. But In 2.2.1 Publisher Verification - Please don't omit -

- FAQ link - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/publisher-verification-overview#frequently-asked-questions
-  A blue "verified" badge requirement on the Azure AD consent prompt and other screens.

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, Also should we avoid 3rd level marking as 2.2.1 & instead use simple bullets for these 2 topics

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, Remove - 2.1 App permissions: 
Apps that request permissions during the Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) consent process must provide business justification for these requests.

### 2.1 Publisher Attestation

The Microsoft 365 App Compliance Program is intended to help organizations assess and manage risk by evaluating security and compliance information about your app.

Teams app developers must complete the Publisher Attestation portion of the program. For more information, see the [Microsoft 365 App Compliance Program documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365-app-certification/docs/attestation).

> 

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton please add -
If you are submitting new app for validation, attestation process needs to be completed post app is published in the Teams Store. For existing app updates ensure your app is attested before start of validation process.

### 2.2 Financial information

> Your app must not ask users to make payments within the Teams interface. Financial instrument details must not be transmitted through the user to the bot interface. Links to secure payment services may only be transmitted to users if disclosure has been made in the app’s terms of use, privacy policy, or any profile page or website before the user agrees to use the bot.

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, Please update the section to  -
 
Your app must not ask users to make payments within the Teams interface. Financial instrument details must not be transmitted to the user through the bot interface. 
Links to secure payment services may only be transmitted to users if disclosure has been made in the app’s terms of use or privacy policy before the user agrees to use the application.

iOS and Android versions of apps should follow – 
•	App must not include any in-app purchases, trial offers, UI that aims to upsell to paid versions, or links to any online stores where users can purchase or acquire other content, apps, or add-ins.
•	If the add-in requires an account, accounts may only be created if there is no charge; the use of the term "free" or "free account" is not allowed. 
•	You may determine whether the account is active indefinitely or for a limited time, but if the account expires, no UI, text, or links indicating the need to pay may be shown.
•	The associated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use pages must also be free of any commerce UI or Store links.

Author: @ramendhe Is the "iOS and Android versions" speaking to apps running in the *Teams* version of iOS or Android? Also, I think this info is better suited closer to the "Advertising" section and not within "Security".

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, this refers to 3PApps that run in Teams app on iOS & Android.
This info may not be directly related to 'Security', but its linked to financial information & implication to Apple policies for providing any purchase option that is not done via apple account. refer - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/marketplace/certification-policies#11202-acquisition-pricing-and-terms

Its not related to advertise. For consistency let's keep it in financial section under security

### 2.5 App permissions

Apps that request permissions during the Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) consent process must provide business justification for these requests.

### 2.6 Authentication

#### 2.6.1 Signing out

The ability to sign out from any authenticated external services must be present within the app. For more information, see [authentication in Teams](~/concepts/authentication/authentication.md).

When a user logs out, they must log out only from the app and not from the Teams client.

#### 2.6.2 Unsharing content

Teams apps that require authentication with an external service to share content in channels must clearly state in help documentation (or similar resources) how to disconnect or unshare content if that feature is supported on the external service. This does not mean the ability to unshare content must be present in your Teams app.

#### 2.6.3 Government Community Cloud listings

To make your app available for Government Community Cloud (GCC) users and to avoid duplicate app listings in the store, the authentication process must identify and route GCC users to the specified or expected content URL.

### 2.7 Health information sources

> Apps catering to a patient’s health records, diseases, wellness, nutrition, or pandemic-related information must abide with the user's local health laws. In addition, the information provided by such apps must always be from trusted sources such as the World Health Organization (WHO) or a government website.

Reviewer: Delete this section - Health information sources

* Google Chrome 51.0 and later
* iOS 9.0 and later
* Android 4.4 and later

### 3.3 Response time

Teams apps must respond within a reasonable timeframe, which varies depending on the capability.

* Tabs must respond within three seconds or display a loading message or warning.
* Bots must respond to user commands within two seconds or display a typing indicator.
* Messaging extensions must respond to user commands within five seconds.
* Notification must load within five seconds of the user action.

## 4.0 App package and store listing

App packages must be correctly formatted and include all required information and components.

### 4.1 App manifest

* The app manifest must conform to the [latest manifest schema](~/resources/schema/manifest-schema.md).
* If your app includes a bot or messaging extension, the manifest must be consistent with Bot Framework metadata, including bot name, logo, privacy policy link, and terms of service link.
* If your app uses Azure Active Directory (Azure AD) for authentication, include the Azure AD ID in the manifest. For more information, see [manifest schema](~/resources/schema/manifest-schema.md#webapplicationinfo).

> ### 4.2 App icons

Author: @ramendhe I wonder if app icons, app descriptions, and screenshots sections belong under 1.0 Value proposition along with the app name section?

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, I would prefer to keep it under store listing as it would be too much details to put under value proposition

* Your app package must include two PNG versions of your app icon: a color icon and an outline icon.

> * Correctly sized and formatted icons must be specified in your app package. The icons must match what's submitted with the store listing metadata. For more information, see the Teams app [icon guidelines](~/concepts/build-and-test/apps-package.md#app-icons).

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton Please update - 
Icons are one of the main elements users see when browsing the store. Your icons should communicate your app's brand purpose while also adhering to Teams requirements.
•	Your app package must include two PNG versions of your app icon: a color icon and an outline icon.
•	Correctly sized and formatted icons must be specified in your app package. The icons must match what's submitted with the store listing metadata. For more information, see the Teams app icon guidelines.
Color icon
The color version of your icon displays in most Teams scenarios and must be 192x192 pixels. Your icon symbol (96x96 pixels) can be any color or colors, but it must sit on a solid or fully transparent square background.
Teams automatically crops your icon to display a square with rounded corners in multiple scenarios and a hexagonal shape in bot scenarios. Include 48 pixels of padding around your symbol so these crops can be made without losing any detail.
 
 
Outline icon
An outline icon displays in two scenarios:
•	When your app is in use and “hoisted” on the app bar on the left of Teams.
•	when a user pins your app's messaging extension.
The icon must be 32x32 pixels. It can be white with a transparent background or transparent with a white background (no other colors are permitted). The outline icon should not have any extra padding around the symbol.

> 

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, Add new section - 

Do | Don’t
-- | --
Focus        on your app's capabilities (for example, how people can communicate with        your bot).    Include        content that accurately represents your app.    Use        text judiciously.    Frame        screenshots with a color that reflects your brand and include marketing        content, similar to the following Freshdesk example.        (Dimension requirements apply to the whole image and not just the        screenshot.) | Show        specific devices, such as phones or laptops.    Display        chrome or UI that isn't in your app.    Capture        any Teams or browser UI in your screenshots.    Include        mockups that inaccurately reflect your app's actual UI, such as showing        your app in a browser instead of a Teams tab.

### 4.3 App description

The app descriptions in your manifest and store must be the same and follow these guidelines:

* Use "Microsoft Teams" on first reference. Subsequent references can be shortened to ”Teams”.
* Do not abbreviate "Microsoft" (such as "MS" or "MSFT").
* Avoid unnecessary capitalization and language errors.
* Follow the [short description guidelines](~/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/prepare/detail-page-checklist.md#short-description).
* Follow the [long description guidelines](~/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/prepare/detail-page-checklist.md#long-description).
* Clearly describe any limitations, conditions, or exceptions to the functionality, features, and deliverables described in the listing and related materials before the customer acquires your offer. The capabilities you declare must relate to the core functions and description of your offer.

> 

Reviewer: The app descriptions in your manifest and Partner center submission must be the same. You need a short and long description of your app. 
App descriptions should not include references that directly or through insinuation disparage another brand (whether Microsoft owned or otherwise). Ensure your description does not include claims that cannot be substantiated (for example, "guaranteed 200% increase in efficiency").
Short description
•	A concise summary of your app that highlights value proposition and is directed at your target audience. Keep the short description to a single sentence. 
•	Put the most important information first.
•	Include keywords that customers are likely to search for.
•	Don’t repeat your application name 
•	Should not use “app” in the short description
Long description
The long description can provide an engaging narrative that highlights the app value proposition, business audience, and target industry. 
While this description can be as long as 4000 characters, most users will only read between 300-500 words.

Do’s | Don’t
-- | --
Clearly describe any        limitations, conditions, or exceptions to the functionality, features,        and deliverables described in the listing and related materials before        the customer acquires your offer. The capabilities you declare must        relate to the core functions and description of your offer.    Use Markdown to        format your description.    List        features with bullet points so it's easier to scan the description.    Use        active voice and speak to users directly (for example, You can ...).    Include        a help or support link.    Reference Microsoft product        names only when necessary. For more information on the guidelines,        see Microsoft        Trademark and Brand Guidelines.    Refer        to Microsoft        365 instead of Office 365.      Use   the following language to describe how the app works with Microsoft products:       If you need to reference Teams, write        the first reference as Microsoft        Teams. Subsequent references can be shortened to Teams.    …works with Microsoft Teams    …working with Microsoft Teams    …within Microsoft Teams    …for Microsoft Teams    The same terms above can be used        interchangeably with Microsoft 365. | Exceed 500 words.    Abbreviate        Microsoft as MS or MSFT.    Indicate        the app is an offering from Microsoft, including using Microsoft slogans        or taglines.    Use        copyrighted brand names you don't own.    Include typos, grammatical        errors, unnecessary capitalizations (e.g. Users instead        of users),        acronyms, jargons.    Must not contain        any links to AppSource within the description.          Don’t use the following   language, unless certified as our official partner -        ……integrated with Microsoft        Teams    …integrates with…    …built for…    ….built on…    ….runs on…    …enabled by…    …certified for…    …developed for…    …designed for…    Slogans and taglines Partners        may not use or imitate any Microsoft tagline, or use the name of any        Microsoft product or service in their slogan or tagline

### 4.4 Privacy policy

The policy can be specific to your Teams app or an overall policy for all of your services.

* If you use a generic privacy policy template, you must reference "services", "applications", and "platforms" to include your Teams app and your website or service.
* Must include how you handle user data storage, retention, and deletion. You also must describe the security controls you use for data protection.
* Must include your contact information.
* Should not contain broken, beta, or staging URLs.

> 

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, Please add - 
•	Must not contain any links to AppSource within the privacy policy.

### 4.6 Support links

Your app's support URLs should not require authentication. For example. users should not have to log in to contact you.

### 4.7 Localization

Your app package must include a localization file that includes language translations that display based on the Teams language settings. The file must conform to the [Teams localization schema](~/concepts/build-and-test/apps-localization.md).

## 5.0 Tabs

If your app includes a tab, following these guidelines can increase the likelihood your app will pass submission.

> [!TIP]
> If you want information on creating a high-quality experience, see the [tab design guidelines](~/tabs/design/tabs.md).

### 5.1 Setup

* Tab setup must not dead-end the new user. A way forward message should be provided to complete the workflow.
* Authentication should happen during tab setup and not after.
* Tabs must have a help tab with instructions on how to use and configure your app.

### 5.2 Views

* The sign-in screen area use must not use large logos or display an entire webpage.
* The canvas can be simplified by breaking them into multiple tabs to reduce the complexity.

> * Personal app tabs should not have a duplicate header. Remove the logo from the iframe since the personal app framework already displays the app icon and app name.

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton ,  Remove personal app from this sentence - 
•	Tabs should not have a duplicate header. Remove the logo from the iframe since the personal app framework already displays the app icon and app name.

### 5.3 Navigation

> * Tabs must not have more than three levels of navigation.

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, Please add - 
The tab within the app must not provide an app bar with icons in the left rail that conflicts with the main Teams navigation.

* The secondary and tertiary pages in a tab must be opened in a level two and level three view in the main tab area that is navigated via breadcrumbs or left nav. You can also include these components to aid tab navigation:
    * Back buttons
    * Page headers
    * Hamburger menus
* Tab should not have horizontal scroll.
* Deep links in tabs must not link to an external webpage but instead link somewhere within Teams (for example, task modules or other tabs).

### 5.4 Usability

> * Users must be able to undo their last action in the tab.

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, please add - 

- Tab experiences must provide value beyond hosting an existing website.
- Tabs should not allow users to navigate outside Teams for the core experience.
- Tabs must use core Teams component (bots for conversations, message extensions for search & share, deeplink, calling, meeting etc.) if applicable 
-

Author: @ramendhe Can you please clarify what this means?

"Tabs must use core Teams component (bots for conversations, message extensions for search & share, deeplink, calling, meeting etc.) if applicable"

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton , If Apps provide functionality related to call, search, conversations they should Teams capability like calling, meeting etc. 

e.g. Many ISVs provide 'Talk to service agent window' on top of tab that does not use teams chat

* Personal app tabs may aggregate content from team or group chat scoped instances of that app in a single view.
* Tabs must be responsive to Teams themes. When the Teams theme is changed, the theme within the app must also change to reflect that theme.

> * Personal app tabs must use Teams-styled components (adopting Teams fonts, type ramps, color palettes, grid system, motion, tone of voice, etc.) whenever possible.

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, Remove Personal app - 
 Tabs must use Teams-styled components (adopting Teams fonts, type ramps, color palettes, grid system, motion, tone of voice, etc.) whenever possible.

* Include a Settings tab.

> * Tabs must use Teams interaction behaviors (in-page navigation, position and use of dialogs, information hierarchies, etc.) whenever possible.

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, Include tip box - 

 
--
  |

Author: @ramendhe Do we need a separate personal app section for these? Otherwise they do not really fit easily within the existing sections.

Reviewer: We don't need separate section for personal app as it referes to Tab in personal scope. Tabs section here applies to both - Static Tab & Configurable tab (Teams scope)

We will introduce new section on when to use personal scope vs Teams Scope at later stage

## 6.0 Bots

If your app includes a bot, following these guidelines can increase the likelihood your app will pass submission.

> [!TIP]
> If you want information on creating a high-quality experience, see the [bot design guidelines](~/bots/design/bots.md).

### 6.1 Bot commands

* All commands that your bot supports must work correctly, including the "Hi", "Hello", and "Help" command.
* Supported bot commands must be listed in the app manifest.

> * Use command lists. Analyzing user input or predicting user intent is hard. Instead of letting users guess what your bot can do, provide a list of commands your bot understands.

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, Please update - 
•	Its highly recommended to list supported bot commands in app manifest. This helps user to converse efficiently with bot across all devices.  
•	To improve the bot user experience it is highly recommended to use Adaptive cards in bot responses

Author: @ramendhe, I think we need more detail as to why this is true--can you please elaborate?

"This helps user to converse efficiently with bot across all devices."

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton We can update to include reason as - 
Its highly recommended to list supported bot commands in app manifest. This helps user to converse efficiently with bot across all devices, by choosing a command from prepopulated list instead of asking user to type it at each instance.

* Channel bot welcome messages are optional during first run, especially if bot is available in personal scope performing similar actions. This bot must not send a personal message to all members of the team or channel as that will be considered as spamming. The welcome message should also mention the person who installed/added the bot to the channel.
* Notification-only bots must send a welcome message that includes a message conveying, "I am a notification-only bot and will not be able to reply to your chats".

### 6.3 Bot message spamming

Bots must not spam users by sending multiple messages in short succession.

* **Bot channel messages**: Don't spam users by creating separate new chat posts. Create a single thread post with replies in the same thread.

> * **Bot personal messages**: Don't send multiple messages. Send one message with complete information. Repeating the same welcome message over regular intervals is not allowed and is considered spamming.

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, please update - 
•	**Bot personal messages:** Don't send multiple messages. Send one message with complete information. Avoid multiturn conversations to complete a single workflow. Consider using task module/form to collect all inputs from user in one go instead of multiple questions. 
•	**Welcome message spamming:** 
o	Repeating the same welcome message over regular intervals is not allowed and is considered spamming.
o	Whenever new member in added in Teams don’t spam the team members by triggering welcome message in channel or personal scope.

### 6.4 Bot notifications

Bot notifications must include content relevant for the scope you define for the bot (`team`, `groupchat`, or `personal`).

### 6.5 Bots and Adaptive Cards

Adaptive Cards are a common way to display bot messages. Your cards must be lightweight and include only 1-3 actions. If you need to display more content, consider using a task module or tab.

See the following resources for more information:

* [Designing Adaptive Cards](~/task-modules-and-cards/cards/design-effective-cards.md)
* [Cards reference](~/task-modules-and-cards/cards/cards-reference.md#types-of-cards)

> 

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton: Include tip box for - 

- To improve the user experience, consider including a ‘Help’ Tab along with personal bot that can be used to elaborate more on bot response to help command

- Provide an 'interactive tour' in form of carousel cards or 'try it' buttons to deliver welcome message highlighting the value of the bot and  it's primary functions

Author: Just confirming if these are validation guidelines or more "nice to have"? If the latter, do we need these here or on another page?

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, These are nice to have & required for app to score high Quality score. 
We should include quality parameters inside tip box in relevant section. That way user can differentiate validation guidelines with best practice & at the same time find all relevant info at same section

## 7.0 Messaging extensions

If your app includes a messaging extension, following these guidelines can increase the likelihood your app will pass submission.

> [!TIP]
> If you want information on creating a high-quality experience, see the [messaging extension design guidelines](~/messaging-extensions/design/messaging-extension-design.md).

### 7.1 Action commands

Action-based messaging extensions should do the following:

* Allow users to trigger actions on a message without specifying intermediate steps, such as signing in.
* Pass the message context to the next work state.

### 7.2 Preview links (link unfurling)

Messaging extensions should preview recognized links in the Teams compose box. Do not add domains that are outside your control (either absolute URLs or wildcards). For example, `yourapp.onmicrosoft.com` is valid but `*.onmicrosoft.com` is not valid. Top-level domains also are prohibited (for example, `*.com` or `*.org`).

See how to [implement link unfurling](~/messaging-extensions/how-to/link-unfurling.md).

### 7.3 Search commands

> Search-based messaging extensions must provide text that helps users effectively search.

Reviewer: @heath-hamilton, add - 

- Message extension @mention executables must be clear, easy to understand and readable.
